README.md, before:

# My-Portfolio-Website

## Overview

This project is a **personal portfolio website** built purely with **HTML and CSS**. It showcases my programming skills, education, interests, major projects, and provides a contact form for potential employers or collaborators. The design emphasizes clean aesthetics, responsive layout, and accessibility—without relying on any external frameworks or libraries.

## Features

- **Programming Languages**: Visually highlights languages and my strengths.
- **About Section**: Concise personal introduction.
- **Educational Background**: Details of my academic journey, with CV download link.
- **Interests**: Insights into your tech passions and aspirations.
- **Projects**: Showcases notable projects with descriptions and technology used.
- **Contact Form**: Lets visitors send you messages easily.
- **Mobile Friendly**: Fully responsive design.
- **No JavaScript/No Frameworks**: Raw HTML and CSS only.

## Getting Started

### 1. Clone or Download

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/your-portfolio.git
cd your-portfolio
```

Or download and unzip the repo files directly.

### 2. Customize Content

- Open `index.html` and **replace all placeholder text**, including:
  - `"Your Name"`
  - About section, education background, interests
  - Project links, project descriptions, tech stack
- **Add your resume** file as `resume.pdf` (or update the file name in the download link).
- Update contact form instructions if connecting to a backend.

### 3. Preview Locally

Open `index.html` in any modern web browser.

## Deployment

### GitHub Pages

1. Push your files to a public GitHub repository (ensure `index.html` is in the root).
2. Go to the repo’s Settings → Pages.
3. Select the `main` branch as your Pages source.
4. Visit the generated URL to see your portfolio live.

### Netlify/Vercel

1. Sign in to [Netlify](https://netlify.com) or [Vercel](https://vercel.com).
2. Connect your GitHub repository or drag-and-drop your folder for instant deployment.

## Contact Form Setup

This site’s form is static-only; to capture submissions, you must connect to a third-party service (such as Formspree or Getform):

## Code Structure

- **index.html**: Main website, fully commented for clarity.
- **styles.css**: All styling information
- **resume.pdf**: (Add your CV here)
- **No external dependencies**

## Customization Tips

- Change colors by editing CSS variable values in the `:root` block of your CSS file.
- Add or remove sections as needed.
- Update animations or layout for personal flair.

## License

MIT License. Free to modify and personalize.

## Credits

Designed and coded by **Adebukunola Oyetimehin** — inspired by best practices in web development.

**Questions or issues?**  
Open an issue in the repo, or use the contact form on your site!

Commit message:

addition to both the README and index.html files

README.md, after:

# My-Portfolio-Website

## Overview

This project is a **personal portfolio website** built purely with **HTML and CSS**. It showcases my programming skills, education, interests, major projects, and provides a contact form for potential employers or collaborators. The design emphasizes clean aesthetics, responsive layout, and accessibility—without relying on any external frameworks or libraries.

## Features

- **Technical Skills**: Highlights experience in Git, Linux, Windows, DevOps,
    End-User Support, and more.
- **About Section**: Brief professional introduction and motivation.
- **Educational Background**: Details of my academic journey, with CV download link.
- **Interests**: Insights into your tech passions and aspirations.
- **Certifications**: Including DevOps/Support specialization
- **Projects**: Notable hands-on projects in microservices, security, and data
  - analysis.
- **Contact Form**: Easy way for potential clients, employers, or collaborators to
    connect.
- **Responsive**: Optimized for mobile and desktop displays.
- **No JavaScript/No Frameworks**: Raw HTML and CSS only.

## Getting Started

### 1. Clone or Download

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Mayowa2020/My-Portfolio-Website.git
cd My-Portfolio-Website
```

Or download and unzip the repo files directly.

### 2. Customize Content

- Update personal details, add your email address, and add links as needed in `index.html`.
- Place your CV file as `CV.docx` in the same directory for the download link.
- Update contact form instructions if connecting to a backend.

### 3. Preview Locally

Open `index.html` in any modern web browser.

## Deployment

### GitHub Pages

1. Push your files to a public GitHub repository (ensure `index.html` is in the root).
2. Go to the repo’s Settings → Pages.
3. Select the `main` branch as your Pages source.
4. Visit the generated URL to see your portfolio live.

### Netlify/Vercel

1. Sign in to [Netlify](https://netlify.com) or [Vercel](https://vercel.com).
2. Connect your GitHub repository or drag-and-drop your folder for instant deployment.

## Contact Form Setup

This site’s form is static-only. To make it fully functional, connect it to a backend handling service such as Formspree or Getform.

## Code Structure

- **index.html**: Main website file, fully commented for clarity.
- **styles.css**: All styling information
- **README.md**:
- **CV.docx**: (Add your CV here)
- **No external dependencies**

## Folder Structure

My-portfolio-website/
├── index.html # Main website file, fully commented for clarity.
├── styles.css # All styling information
├── CV.docx        ← downloadable CV
└── README.md

## Customization Tips

- Change colors by editing CSS variable values in the `:root` block of your CSS file.
- Add or remove sections as needed.
- Update animations or layout for personal flair.

## License

MIT License. Free to modify and personalize.

## Credits

Site content and layout based on Adebukunola Oyetimehin's CV and professional background.

If you need more sections or want additional design features, feel free to update these files!

**Questions or issues?**  
Open an issue in the repo, or use the contact form on my site!
